docs(prerelease): document installation by uv (#896)
ansys/actions: doc/source/migrations/index.rst

  ``release-github``, and ``tests-pytest`` actions. This leverages `uv <https://docs.astral.sh/uv/>`_ for faster package installation,
  improving workflow speed for projects with multiple dependencies.

>   .. admonition:: About prereleases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  .. admonition:: About pre-releases
```

>       The installation of prereleases by ``uv`` is only supported if these are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The installation of pre-releases by ``uv`` is only supported if these are
```

  ``release-github``, and ``tests-pytest`` actions. This leverages `uv <https://docs.astral.sh/uv/>`_ for faster package installation,
  improving workflow speed for projects with multiple dependencies.

  .. admonition:: About pre-releases and extra indices

      The installation of pre-releases by ``uv`` is only supported if these are
      listed in the ``pyproject.toml`` file. If you wish to install
      pre-releases at all levels, you must set the ``UV_PRERELEASE=allow``
      environment variable.

      Regarding extra indices, ``uv`` supports the ``UV_EXTRA_INDEX_URL`` for
      specifying extra indices. This is the equivalent to the

>       ``PIP_EXTRA_INDEX_URL`` environment variable.

Reviewer 2: Good idea to compare against usual pip usage.
